README.md, before:

<div align="center">

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/graphs/contributors)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/network/members)
[![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/stargazers)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues)

</div>

<!--  -->

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social">
  <!-- -->
    <img src="./public/images/ss-logo-placeholder-7.png" alt="Logo" width="300" height="80">
  </a>

<!-- -->
  <h3 align="center">Project 2 App Name</h3>

  <p align="center">
  <!-- -->
    Social Network for Anime enthusiasists <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <!-- TODO: Edit deployment link -->
    <a href="https://github.com/404pandas/project-2-setup-guide">View Demo(Coming Soon)</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues">Request Feature</a>

  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- TODO: add your screenshots or demo videos here -->
<!-- Add screenshots using the following format: -->
<!-- ![Screenshot alt description](directPathOfScreenshots) -->
<!-- Add video demos using the following format: -->
<!-- ![Video alt description](directPathOfVideos) -->

This project was built using Node, Express, Handlebars, PostgreSQL, and Sequelize.

### Built With

<div align="center">

<!-- TODO      "bcrypt": "^5.0.0",
    "connect-session-sequelize": "^7.0.4",
    "dotenv": "^8.2.0",
    "express": "^4.17.1",
    "express-handlebars": "^5.2.0",
    "express-session": "^1.17.1",
    "pg": "^8.11.3",
    "sequelize": "^6.3.5"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "nodemon": "^3.0.3" -->

<!-- -->

[![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-ff0000?style=plastic&logo=JavaScript&logoWidth=10)](https://javascript.info/)
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-CSS-ff8000?style=plastic&logo=CSS3&logoWidth=10)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Node.js-ffff00?style=plastic&logo=Node.js&logoWidth=10)](https://nodejs.org/en/)
[![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Express-80ff00?style=plastic&logo=Express&logoWidth=10)](https://expressjs.com/)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tool-npm-00ff00?style=plastic&logo=npm&logoWidth=10)](https://www.npmjs.com/)
[![ExpressSession](https://img.shields.io/badge/Package-Express_Session-00ff80?style=plastic&logo=npm&logoWidth=10)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)
[![Bcrypt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Package-Bcrypt-00ffff?style=plastic&logo=npm&logoWidth=10)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)
[![Handlebars](https://img.shields.io/badge/Package-Handlebars-0080ff?style=plastic&logo=handlebarsdotjs&logoWidth=10)](https://handlebarsjs.com/)
[![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/IDE-VSCode-0000ff?style=plastic&logo=VisualStudioCode&logoWidth=10)](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-PostgreSQL-8000ff?style=plastic&logo=PostgreSQL&logoWidth=10)](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/)

</div>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

Once completely built, this application will function as a deployed app on Render.

### Local Installation / Testing

1. Clone the rep

```
git clone https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social.git
```

2. Install dependencies

```
npm i
```

3. Seed the database

```
npm run seed
```

4. Launch the app in development environment

```
npm run start
```

5. Visit app:

[http://localhost:3001/](http://localhost:3001/)

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

<!-- TODO: Plan out rough roadmap here -->

#### MVP

<!-- This is a nested check-box that displays a nice checked or unchecked list on your Github repo to show your visitor's a quick road map! -->

- [ ] Front End

  - [ ] User Auth
  - [ ] User Profile Page
    - [ ] Routing
    - [ ] Styling
  - [ ] Landing Page
    - [ ] Routing
    - [ ] Styling

- [ ] Back End
  - [ ] User Auth
  - [ ] Models
  - [ ] Seeds
  - [ ] api Routing

#### Future Development

- [ ] Marketplace where users can buy & sell Anime goods.
- [ ] More functionality to Social side of the website.
- [ ] Improve overall styling, and layouts.

See the [open issues](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

<!-- -->

[JustMac'n](https://github.com/justmacn)

[Setridge Crawford](https://github.com/SetCra21) - setcrawfordjr_21@yahoo.com

[James Parker](https://github.com/JamesWilliamParker) - jamesparker.us@gmail.com

[Alex Silien](https://github.com/AlexSilien1) - alexsilien64@gmail.com

Project Links:

[Github Repository](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social)

<!-- TODO: add your deployment link here -->

[Deployment- coming soon](https://google.com)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments

<!-- TODO: Add any acknowledgements you would like here -->

Example MVC folder structure provided by 2U Instructional staff [Mary Elenius](https://maryelenius.com/)

Commit message:

I updated the README with screenshots and roadmap

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/graphs/contributors)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/network/members)
[![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/stargazers)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/justmacn/Senpai-Social.svg?style=plastic&logo=appveyor)](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues)

</div>

<!--  -->

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social">
  <!-- -->
    <img src="./public/images/ss-logo-placeholder-7.png" alt="Logo" width="300" height="80">
  </a>

<!-- -->
  <h3 align="center">Project 2 App Name</h3>

  <p align="center">
  <!-- -->
    Social Network for Anime enthusiasists <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <!-- TODO: Edit deployment link -->
    <a href="https://github.com/404pandas/project-2-setup-guide">View Demo(Coming Soon)</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues">Request Feature</a>

  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- TODO: add your screenshots or demo videos here -->
<!-- Add screenshots using the following format: -->
![Landing page where user logs in/signs up](./public/images/Screen%20Shot%202024-08-14%20at%2012.40.01%20PM.png)
![Social feed page where user can see most recent posts](./public/images/Screen%20Shot%202024-08-14%20at%2012.50.21%20PM.png)
![Social feed 2](./public/images/Screen%20Shot%202024-08-14%20at%2012.53.19%20PM.png)
![User-profile page]()
![User-edit page]()
<!-- ![Screenshot alt description](directPathOfScreenshots) -->
<!-- Add video demos using the following format: -->
<!-- ![Video alt description](directPathOfVideos) -->

This project was built using Node, Express, Handlebars, PostgreSQL, and Sequelize.

### Built With

<div align="center">

<!-- TODO      "bcrypt": "^5.0.0",
    "connect-session-sequelize": "^7.0.4",
    "dotenv": "^8.2.0",
    "express": "^4.17.1",
    "express-handlebars": "^5.2.0",
    "express-session": "^1.17.1",
    "pg": "^8.11.3",
    "sequelize": "^6.3.5"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "nodemon": "^3.0.3" -->

<!-- -->

[![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-ff0000?style=plastic&logo=JavaScript&logoWidth=10)](https://javascript.info/)
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-CSS-ff8000?style=plastic&logo=CSS3&logoWidth=10)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Node.js-ffff00?style=plastic&logo=Node.js&logoWidth=10)](https://nodejs.org/en/)
[![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Express-80ff00?style=plastic&logo=Express&logoWidth=10)](https://expressjs.com/)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tool-npm-00ff00?style=plastic&logo=npm&logoWidth=10)](https://www.npmjs.com/)
[![ExpressSession](https://img.shields.io/badge/Package-Express_Session-00ff80?style=plastic&logo=npm&logoWidth=10)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)
[![Bcrypt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Package-Bcrypt-00ffff?style=plastic&logo=npm&logoWidth=10)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)
[![Handlebars](https://img.shields.io/badge/Package-Handlebars-0080ff?style=plastic&logo=handlebarsdotjs&logoWidth=10)](https://handlebarsjs.com/)
[![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/IDE-VSCode-0000ff?style=plastic&logo=VisualStudioCode&logoWidth=10)](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-PostgreSQL-8000ff?style=plastic&logo=PostgreSQL&logoWidth=10)](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/)

</div>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

Once completely built, this application will function as a deployed app on Render.

### Local Installation / Testing

1. Clone the rep

```
git clone https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social.git
```

2. Install dependencies

```
npm i
```

3. Seed the database

```
npm run seed
```

4. Launch the app in development environment

```
npm run start
```

5. Visit app:

[http://localhost:3001/](http://localhost:3001/)

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

<!-- TODO: Plan out rough roadmap here -->
 1. A user is taken to the login/signup page, where they can log in or create an account.

 2. When a user logs in or creates an account, they are taken to a home page where they see a social feed with the five most recent posts of their friends. 

 3. A user can use a drop-down menu to view their profile. 

 4. When a user is taken to their profile, they see a page that features their profile avatar, a short bio, and a feed where they can create a post. The can feature text and photo. 

 5. A user can also use the drop-down menu to edit their profile and change their avatar, bio or delete their profile.

#### MVP

<!-- This is a nested check-box that displays a nice checked or unchecked list on your Github repo to show your visitor's a quick road map! -->

- [ ] Front End

  - [ ] User Auth
  - [ ] User Profile Page
    - [ ] Routing
    - [ ] Styling
  - [ ] Landing Page
    - [ ] Routing
    - [ ] Styling

- [ ] Back End
  - [ ] User Auth
  - [ ] Models
  - [ ] Seeds
  - [ ] api Routing

#### Future Development

- [ ] Marketplace where users can buy & sell Anime goods.
- [ ] More functionality to Social side of the website.
- [ ] Improve overall styling, and layouts.

See the [open issues](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

<!-- -->

[JustMac'n](https://github.com/justmacn)

[Setridge Crawford](https://github.com/SetCra21) - setcrawfordjr_21@yahoo.com

[James Parker](https://github.com/JamesWilliamParker) - jamesparker.us@gmail.com

[Alex Silien](https://github.com/AlexSilien1) - alexsilien64@gmail.com

Project Links:

[Github Repository](https://github.com/justmacn/Senpai-Social)

<!-- TODO: add your deployment link here -->

[Deployment- coming soon](https://google.com)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments

<!-- TODO: Add any acknowledgements you would like here -->

Example MVC folder structure provided by 2U Instructional staff [Mary Elenius](https://maryelenius.com/)
